Banner: IF I COULD
PLEASE HAVE EVERYONE'S
ATTENTION?
EYES FORWARD, STUDENTS.
CHUMLEY! STOP CHEWING
WITH YOUR MOUTH OPEN!
GOOD. NOW, PLEASE
JOIN ME IN WELCOMING
A NEW TRANSFER STUDENT,
BLAIR FLANAGAN.
[SIGHS]
I HAD TO STOP CHEWING
FOR A TRANSFER STUDENT?
AW, MAN, HE'S SMALLER THAN ME,
DRESSES GOOFIER THAN ME.
MY SIDEKICK GIG IS UP.
HMM? BE NICE!
Jaden: BLAIR, WELCOME
TO S-L-I-F...SOMETHING!
SLIFER!
WE'RE THE BEST DORM
ON CAMPUS!
SEE, HERE, WE'RE NOT
A BUNCHA STUFFY, EGG-HEADED,
STRAIGHT-"A"-GETTIN'
BRAINIACS.
JADEN, WAIT,
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WHAT'S NOT TO UNDERSTAND,
PROFESSOR BANNER?
I'M JUST TRYING
TO HELP BLAIR FEEL AT HOME.
BUT THIS ISN'T BLAIR'S HOME,
AT LEAST NOT FOR LONG.
HE SCORED NEARLY PERFECT
ON ALL HIS ENTRANCE EXAMS.
OH.
YOU SEE,
IT IS ACADEMY POLICY
THAT ALL TRANSFER STUDENTS
START OUT AT SLIFER.
BUT WITH HIS HIGH MARKS,
HE'LL BE MOVED UP
TO RA YELLOW WITHIN
A FEW DAYS.
HA! YEAH, RIGHT!
AND NEXT YOU'LL BE SAYING
HE'S GONNA MOVE
INTO OUR DORM ROOM
CUZ A' ALL THE EXTRA SPACE.
I JUST LOVE THIS GUY!
HMM? GOOD ONE!
I AGREE! BLAIR,
YOU CAN STAY WITH JADEN
DURING YOUR TIME WITH US.
HUH?!
GO ON.
WHY DON'T YOU SAY HELLO
TO YOUR NEW ROOMMATES?
HELLO.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER WORKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX,
GENERATION X ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
SOMEHOW, YEAH! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Sheppard:
SETTLE DOWN, PEOPLE.
ATTENTION, PLEASE?
CHUMLEY! STOP CHEWING
WITH YOUR MOUTH OPEN!
GOOD. NOW, THE BIG MATCH-UP
AGAINST OUR RIVAL SCHOOL,
NORTH ACADEMY, IS COMING UP.
LAST YEAR, ZANE,
OUR STUDENT REP,
WHUPPED 'EM GOOD!
AND THIS YEAR, I WANT TO WIN
THE SCHOOL DUEL AGAIN!
HEY, BLAIR!
DIDJA KNOW ZANE'S
MY BROTHER?
REALLY?
YEAH, HE'S PRETTY COOL,
BUT MOM SAYS
I GOT THE LOOKS.
NOW, WE STILL HAVEN'T
DECIDED ON WHO'S GOING
TO REPRESENT US THIS YEAR,
SO IF YOU KEEP HITTING
THOSE BOOKS AND DUELING HARD,
YOU MAY BE THE ONE
WHO GETS THE HONOR!
ALL RIGHT! DIDJA HEAR
WHAT HE SAID? IT COULD
BE ME IN THIS MATCH!
HEY, OR ME!
BUT WE MIGHT AS WELL
FACE IT, JAY,
IT'LL PROBABLY BE ZANE
WHO GETS THE SPOT AGAIN.
HOW COME? HUH?
BECAUSE HE'S AMAZING.
HMM?
Jaden:
AMAZING? WHAT'S THAT
GOT TO DO WITH IT?
IT SHOULD BE
ABOUT WHO'S BEST!
Syrus: ZANE DID BEAT YOU
IN A DUEL, JADEN.
YEAH, BUT IT WAS
A TOTALLY CLOSE MATCH!
THAT'S TRUE.
All: HUH?
BLAIR?
HMM.
UH, JADEN?
Jaden: GOTTA CHECK
SOMETHING OUT!
HMM? OH!
[THINKING]
FIRST, BLAIR MAKES
THAT WEIRD COMMENT ABOUT ZANE,
AND NOW HE'S SNEAKING
INTO THE OBELISK BLUE DORM.
SOMETHING'S DEFINITELY UP.
[GRUNTS]
HUH? WHAT IN THE WORLD
IS HE DOIN'? UH!
MMM!
THIS IS GETTIN' VERY STRANGE.
Boy: COME ON, GUYS.
WHADAYA SAY
WE CHILL UPSTAIRS?
UH-OH. IT'S ZANE!
I DUNNO WHAT YOU'RE UP TO,
BUT YOU GOTTA GET
OUTTA HERE RIGHT NOW!
OTHERWISE YOU'LL GET BOOTED
OUTTA THE SCHOOL
FOR TRESPASSIN'!
WHERE'D YOU COME FROM?
[DISTANT LAUGHTER]
EXPLAIN LATER!
LEAVE NOW!
WHOA!
HUH?
WHOA! WHAT THE--?!
UH, YOU'RE--
YOU'RE...OUTTA HERE.
Boy: HEY, YOU!
HUH?
TAKE A WRONG TURN
ON THE WAY
TO DETENTION?
HEY, ZANE,
LOOK WHO WE CAUGHT
HANGING OUT IN YOUR ROOM!
HAH! NOT JUST HANGIN' OUT!
HE WAS DIGGIN' AROUND
YOUR CARDS!
YOU GOT SOME NERVE,
SLIFER.
OH, BOY. NOW, LOOK,
IT'S NOT LIKE THAT.
SEE, THERE WAS
THIS GUY--WELL, GIRL.
SAVE IT,
SLIFER SLACKER.
ALL RIGHT. I'LL JUST
TAKE OFF, THEN.
CATCH YA LATER, FELLAS.
YOU'RE NOT GOIN'
ANYWHERE, BUDDY-BOY.
'CEPT TO
DR. CROWLER'S OFFICE!
NOOO!
ANYONE BUT HIM!
OK, WE'LL JUST DEAL
WITH YOU OURSELVES, THEN!
Jaden: DR. CROWLER!
HELP! HELP!
HMM.
LOOK, I'M TELLING YA,
THIS IS JUST ONE GIANT
MISUNDERSTANDING!
YEAH? THEN LET'S SEE
IF WE CAN KNOCK SOME SENSE
INTO THE SITUATION.
Zane: LET HIM GO.
HUH?
WHAT?
DO YOU WANT ME
TO RECONSIDER, JADEN?
OR DO YOU WANT TO LEAVE?
LEAVE'S GOOD!
TAKE CARE, GUYS!
LET'S NOT DO THIS
AGAIN SOMETIME.
LATER!
WHEW!
WAIT TILL I TELL
THE GUYS ABOUT THIS!
YOU WON'T BE TELLING
ANYONE ANYTHING!
Alexis: WOW! A COLD, WET DOCK
IN THE MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
YOU SURE HAVEN'T FORGOTTEN
HOW TO SHOW A GIRL A GOOD TIME.
LEX, I CAUGHT JADEN
SNOOPING IN MY ROOM TODAY.
JADEN? WHAT ON EARTH
WOULD HE BE DOING
IN YOUR ROOM?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I FOUND THIS.
UH, THAT'S
A GIRL'S HAIR CLIP.
HMM.
Syrus: AH!
ALL RIGHT, JADEN,
THE OUTHOUSE...
IS ALL YOURS!
JAY?
WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
THOUGHT THEY WERE WITH YOU.
I HOPE NOT!
I WAS TAKING
A SHOWER!
SO YOU'RE SAYING
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN
JADEN OR BLAIR
SINCE THEY WENT
RUNNING OFF?
THAT'S WHAT I'M SAYIN'.
'COURSE, MY EYES WERE SHUT
FOR MY SIX-HOUR NAP.
I HOPE
EVERYTHING'S OK.
Blair: LISTEN, JADEN,
THE FACT THAT I'M A GIRL
HAS TO STAY A SECRET!
BUT WHAT FOR, BLAIR?
[SIGHS]
LOOK, I DON'T WANNA
BLOW YOUR COVER,
BUT IF I'M GONNA
KEEP A SECRET,
I THINK I SHOULD
AT LEAST KNOW WHY
IT IS ONE.
NO!
YOU DON'T NEED
TO KNOW WHY!
NOBODY DOES!
YOU GOT THAT?!
FINE, BUT IF YOU'RE
NOT GONNA TELL ME,
YOU AT LEAST
HAVE TO DUEL ME!
WHAT?
GET YOUR GAME ON!
A DUEL?
HOW WILL THAT
SOLVE ANYTHING?
'CUZ IN A DUEL,
THE TRUTH ALWAYS COMES OUT.
FINE, BUT IF I WIN,
YOU KEEP QUIET
WITHOUT ME HAVING
TO EXPLAIN MYSELF.
HEY. THIS DUEL'LL TELL ME
ALL I NEED TO KNOW.
WELL, WE FOUND 'EM!
BUT WHAT'RE THEY TALKIN'
ABOUT DOWN THERE?
DUNNO, BUT IT LOOKS LIKE
IT'S PRETTY SERIOUS.
I KNEW THIS WOULD HAPPEN!
JADEN'S FOUND A NEW GUY
TO PAL AROUND WITH.
Zane: THAT'S NOT IT, SYRUS.
BECAUSE BLAIR'S NOT A GUY,
SHE'S REALLY A GIRL.
OBELISK SECURITY CAMS
SHOWED HER IN OUR DORM.
Alexis: BUT WHAT THEY DIDN'T
SHOW IS WHY SHE'S GONE
TO ALL THIS TROUBLE.
AH. REALLY?
I WONDER HOW JAY PLANS
TO SOLVE THAT MYSTERY.
Jaden and Blair: DUEL!
TIME TO THROW DOWN!
ALL RIGHT, GET READY...
TO FALL IN LOVE!
I SUMMON
MAIDEN IN LOVE!
SHE'S CUTE!
HMM.
MY TURN NOW!
HERE GOES!
SO MANY CHOICES,
BUT I THINK
THAT I'LL GO
WITH THIS ONE:
ELEMENTAL HERO
AVIAN!
ATTACK!
AWW, MY POOR,
HELPLESS MAIDEN.
HEY, WHO SAYS SHE'S YOURS?
HOW ABOUT WE LET
THE MONSTER DO THE
FIGHTING, OK, GUYS?
Jaden:
QUILL CASCADE!
OH!
[GROANING]
YOU MAY HAVE BROKEN
HER HEART, BUT SHE LIVES
TO LOVE ANOTHER DAY!
SEE, AS LONG AS SHE STAYS
IN ATTACK MODE,
HER SPECIAL ABILITY KEEPS HER
FROM BEING DESTROYED.
[THINKING]
HUH?
OH, WINGED KURIBOH.
HUH? WHOA!
WHAT'S GOIN' ON?!
MY--MY LADY!
ARE YOU
ALL RIGHT?
MAYBE, MAYBE NOT.
HMM.
WHAT?!
Jaden: COME ON, AVIAN!
PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER!
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
IN ATTACK MODE,
NOT IN LOVE!
IT LOOKS LIKE WE HAVE
SOME COMPETITION.
MY MONSTER'S
HEAD OVER HEELS.
COULD IT GET ANY WORSE?
HMM. ACTUALLY,
IT COULD, JADEN.
SEE, MAIDEN IN LOVE HAS
ANOTHER SPECIAL ABILITY, TOO.
ANY MONSTER THAT ATTACKS HER
GETS A MAIDEN COUNTER.
UH...UH!
WHAT'S A MAIDEN
COUNTER?
Blair:
YOU'LL FIND OUT.
[GIDDY CHUCKLING]
HMM.
WELL, MOVING ON!
ALL RIGHT!
I ATTACH THE EQUIP SPELL CARD
CUPID'S KISS TO MY MAIDEN!
AND NOW...
I'LL HAVE HER ATTACK!
MR. AVIAN HERO!
COME OUT, COME OUT,
WHEREVER YOU ARE.
I WANT TO GIVE YOU A HUG!
AH!
WHY DID YOU DO THAT?
YOU'RE SO MEAN!
[CRYING]
MY LADY, PLEASE ACCEPT
MY APOLOGIES.
OK.
MM-WAH!
AH!
GIMME A BREAK!
NOW, HOW ABOUT DOING ME
A LITTLE FAVOR, MR. AVIAN?
ANYTHING!
GOOD! SEE HIM?
TAKE HIM DOWN!
DONE!
[GROANING]
AVIAN!
ARE YOU NUTS?!
COME ON!
SNAP OUT OF IT!
Jaden: CAN'T YA SEE
SHE'S TOTALLY
JUST USIN' YOU?!
SHE CAN USE ME
ANYTIME!
[THINKING]
I NEVER FELT
THIS WAY
WITHOUT A GRILLED
CHEESE AROUND.
Blair: SORRY, JADEN,
BUT WHEN MAIDEN TAKES DAMAGE
FROM A MONSTER
THAT'S BEEN PEGGED
WITH A MAIDEN COUNTER,
THE EQUIP SPELL CUPID'S KISS
AUTOMATICALLY ACTIVATES,
AND THAT LETS ME
TAKE CONTROL
OF YOUR MONSTER!
SURE, IT COSTS ME
SOME POINTS, BUT IT'S ABOUT
TO COST YOU A LOT MORE!
WELL, NOW THAT I'VE
TAKEN CONTROL OF
YOUR ONLY MONSTER,
I THINK I'LL JUST PLAY
A FACE DOWN CARD
AND END MY TURN!
MAN, AVIAN'S FALLIN'
IN LOVE, AND I'M
FALLIN' BEHIND!
AH!
[THINKING]
SPARKMAN!
BUT IF I ATTACK,
HE'LL FALL FOR MAIDEN
JUST LIKE AVIAN DID.
STILL, I GOTTA DO
SOMETHIN'!
I SUMMON
ELEMENTAL HERO SPARKMAN!
HATE TO DO IT, AVIAN,
BUT YOU'RE EITHER
WITH ME OR AGAINST!
SPARKMAN! ATTACK AVIAN
WITH STATIC SHOCKWAVE!
DON'T THINK SO!
I USE DEFENSE MAIDEN!
SEE, IT REDIRECTS
SPARKMAN'S ATTACK
SO THAT THE MAIDEN IN LOVE
GETS HIT INSTEAD OF AVIAN!
OH!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
UH...
SPARKMAN!
YOU DARE STRIKE
A DEFENSELESS MAIDEN?!
FOR SHAME, SPARKMAN,
FOR SHAME!
[SOBBING]
YOU'RE RIGHT!
I'M SO SORRY!
I BEG YOUR
FORGIVENESS!
I'LL DO ANYTHING!
ANYTHING!
[THINKING]
ANYTHING?
WELL, NOTHING COMES
TO MIND NOW,
BUT I'M SURE I'LL THINK UP
SOMETHING LATER.
OH!
SIMPLY SAY THE WORD,
MY DARLING!
[GROANS]
AND SHE WILL,
NOW THAT HE'S PEGGED
WITH A MAIDEN COUNTER.
[GIGGLING]
I WANT ONE!
HOW DO I GET
A MAIDEN COUNTER?!
YEAH, ME TOO!
I WANT ONE, TOO!
UH, GUYS?
TRY AND REMEMBER
THAT IT'S JUST
A CARD YOU'RE
LOOKING AT.
TRY AND REMEMBER
WHO YOU'RE TALKING TO.
WHEN SY AND I WERE
GROWING UP,
HE USED TO CLAIM
HE WAS GOING STEADY
WITH DARK MAGICIAN GIRL.
IS THAT SO?
SHE BREAK
YOUR HEART, SY,
OR DID YOU JUST
DECIDE TO SEE
OTHER MONSTERS?
ALL RIGHT, HERE I GO!
I ACTIVATE
THE EQUIP SPELL CARD
HAPPY MARRIAGE!
NOW MAIDEN GAINS
AS MANY ATTACK POINTS
AS AVIAN HAS!
THAT IS, IF AVIAN SAYS,
"I DO," OF COURSE.
IT WOULD BE MY HONOR.
HOORAY!
Blair:
NOW LET'S HAVE HER PAY
A VISIT TO SPARKMAN!
ATTACK!
OH...
SPARKMAN,
HOW COULD YOU DO THAT?!
YOU SAID YOU'D DO
ANYTHING FOR ME!
YOU'RE RIGHT. I'M SORRY.
COMMAND ME, MY LOVE.
ALL RIGHT, THEN.
THAT'S BETTER.
WHAT IS YOUR WISH?
[WHIMPERING]
I WISH THAT YOU'D
BEAT UP THAT MEAN BOY
OVER THERE!
WITH PLEASURE!
[GROANING]
WELL, DON'T JUST
STAND THERE, HUBBY.
OF COURSE NOT, MY DEAR!
[GROANING]
AH! SORRY, BUT YOU'LL NEVER
BE ABLE TO BEAT ME, JADEN!
I'M DUELING FOR LOVE!
[GROANING]
DID SHE SAY DUELING
FOR LOVE?
DOESN'T SHE MEAN
DUELING WITH LOVE?
DON'T TELL ME
YOU HAVEN'T PUT
THE PIECES TOGETHER YET!
THINK ABOUT IT, ZANE!
SHE PUTS ON A DISGUISE,
TRICKS HER WAY
INTO OUR SCHOOL,
BREAKS INTO YOUR ROOM?
OH.
SHE'S IN LOVE!
BIG-TIME, AND SHE'S
IN LOVE WITH YOU, ZANE.
HMM?
YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
PLAYIN' TWO GUYS
AGAINST MAIDEN
WASN'T TOO SMART.
BUT, WHAT'S DONE
IS DONE.
NOT MUCH I CAN DO
ABOUT IT NOW.
OH! OR IS THERE?
OF COURSE!
IT'S SO OBVIOUS!
IF I'M GONNA TAKE ON
THAT MAIDEN IN LOVE,
I NEED A WOMAN'S TOUCH!
AND I HAVE JUST THE ONE!
NOW SET THOSE SAPS
STRAIGHT, BURSTINATRIX!
OH! BURSTINATRIX!
UH, I KNOW
THIS LOOKS BAD, BUT, UH--
SAVE IT!
YOU TWO ARE PATHETIC.
BUT YOUR HONEYMOON IS
ABOUT TO BE OVER.
HUH?
WE'RE IN FOR IT NOW.
WOW!
YOU GO, BURSTINATRIX!
NOW LET'S GO GET
OUR MONSTERS BACK!
I ACTIVATE BURST RETURN!
WHEN BURSTINATRIX IS OUT,
THIS CARD LETS ME BRING BACK
ALL OTHER ELEMENTAL HEROES
TO MY HAND!
Jaden: TRUST ME.
YOU GUYS'LL THANK ME FOR IT.
OH!
WHAT WAS I THINKING?!
I DIDN'T WANT
TO GET MARRIED!
OH, BOY.
SPARKWOMAN'S NEVER
GOING TO FORGIVE ME!
Both: GUY PACT.
THIS DIDN'T HAPPEN, OK?!
HOW ABOUT YOU TWO GUYS
GET OVER HERE RIGHT NOW
OR I'LL TELL
THE ENTIRE DECK?!
ALL RIGHT,
AND NOW THAT I HAVE
MY HEROES BACK,
IT'S TIME FOR
A LITTLE PAYBACK!
I PLAY
POLYMERIZATION.
AND FUSE TOGETHER
BURSTINATRIX
AND AVIAN
TO CREATE
ELEMENTAL HERO
FLAME WINGMAN!
NOW THAT'S
THE PERFECT COUPLE!
AND THIS IS
THE PERFECT ATTACK!
INFERNAL RAGE!
OH!
THAT'S GAME!
THANKS FOR
THE SWEET DUEL,
BLAIR.
THAT WAS FUN!
ALL RIGHT. GUESS I HAVE TO
TELL YOU MY SECRET NOW.
NAH, I LEARNED
MORE THAN ENOUGH,
FROM OUR DUEL,
BLAIR.
AND I THINK OUR
SPECTATORS LEARNED A
FEW THINGS, AS WELL.
UH...
SURE DID.
LOVE IS
ON HER MIND, ZANE.
ZANE, YOU'RE HERE!
Blair: WELL, THEN...
I GUESS YOU KNOW.
I'M THE ONE
WHO SNUCK INTO
YOUR DORM ROOM,
NOT JADEN.
I'VE BEEN IN LOVE
WITH YOU EVER SINCE
I MET YOU.
HMM, AT NATIONALS.
YEAH, THAT'S RIGHT!
WE MET RIGHT
AFTER YOU WON THE
CHAMPIONSHIP MATCH!
IT WAS THEN I MADE
A PLEDGE:
THAT I WOULD DO
ANYTHING TO BE
WITH YOU!
AWW!
AWW.
I REMEMBER, YOU SAID
THAT IF I TRAINED
REALLY REALLY HARD,
I COULD GET
INTO DUEL ACADEMY
LIKE YOU, SO I DID!
AND NOW
THAT I'M HERE,
WE CAN GET MARRIED!
[GIGGLING]
HA! GET MARRIED.
THAT'S A GOOD ONE!
YOUR HONEYMOON COULD
BE IN THE CAFETERIA.
DR. CROWLER COULD
GIVE YOU AWAY!
I'M NOT JOKING.
Alexis: BLAIR, SWEETIE,
LOVE DOESN'T WORK
LIKE THAT.
YOU CAN'T SNEAK YOUR WAY
INTO SOMEBODY'S HEART.
JUST LOOK WHAT HAPPENED
TO YOUR MAIDEN.
SHE USED TRICKS TO GET LOVE,
AND SHE ENDED UP ALONE
AND IN TEARS.
YOU CAN'T USE SPELLS
OR DISGUISES TO FIND
YOUR SOUL MATE, BLAIR.
YOU HAVE TO BE HONEST
AND UP-FRONT WITH THEM.
YEAH, RIGHT!
YOU JUST WANT ZANE
FOR YOURSELF!
YOU'RE TRYING
TO GIT RID A' ME!
HEH HEH! ZANE,
A LITTLE HELP, PLEASE?
BLAIR, AS FLATTERED AS I AM
BY YOUR AFFECTIONS...
PHEW!
RIGHT NOW, I'M
ONLY IN LOVE WITH
ONE THING: DUELING.
DUELING?
I'M SORRY, BUT IT'S TIME
FOR YOU TO GO HOME.
WAIT. WHY DOES SHE
HAVE TO GO HOME?
'CUZ YOU SAY SO?
HELLO!
SHE'S A STUDENT HERE
AT DUEL ACADEMY,
AND A GOOD ONE!
JADEN,
SHE HAS TO GO HOME.
HUH? OH, I SEE
WHAT YOU'RE DOING
HERE, ZANE.
YOU'RE PUSHING HER
OUT BECAUSE SHE'S
A GOOD STUDENT!
HA! BECAUSE SHE
MIGHT DETHRONE YOU!
SHE HAS TO GO HOME
BECAUSE SHE'S
IN SECOND GRADE.
UH, SAY WHAT?!
Both: IN SECOND GRADE?
OH, SO THEN YOU'RE
SAYIN' THAT I ALMOST
GOT BEAT BY A GIRL
WHO'S ONLY
EIGHT YEARS OLD?!
OH!
EIGHT AND A HALF,
IF IT MAKES YOU FEEL
ANY BETTER.
AAAH!
[CRYING]
THAT'S WHY DUELING'S
SO GREAT!
IF YOU'RE OLD ENOUGH
TO DRAW, YOU'RE OLD
ENOUGH TO WIN!
Blair: GOOD-BYE!
I'LL BE BACK JUST AS SOON
AS I FINISH GRADE SCHOOL!
AND MIDDLE SCHOOL, TOO,
BUT I'LL BE BACK,
YOU GUYS!
HA HA!
HEAR THAT, ZANE?
OH, PLEASE, I'LL BE
LONG GONE BY THE TIME
SHE GETS HERE.
THAT'S TRUE.
I GUESS BLAIR'S CRUSH
ENDS RIGHT HERE.
Zane:
I WOULDN'T BE SO SURE.
GOOD-BYE, JADEN!
MY SWEET PRINCE!
I LOVE YOU!
WHAT?!
WAIT! SHE'S SUPPOSED
TO LIKE ZANE!
SHE DOES LIKE ZANE,
BUT APPARENTLY,
SHE LOVES YOU.
GOOD LUCK.
Syrus:
UH, HEY, CHUMLEY,
WANNA GO GET
SOME NEW CARDS?
YEAH, I GOT ONE IN MIND.
Alexis: JUST DO ME
A FAVOR, FELLAS,
AND STAY AWAY
FROM THE GIRLS
IN MY DECK.
I'LL SEE YOU SOON!
WRITE ME EVERY DAY!
I LOVE YOU, JADEN,
SWEETIE!
AW! WISH THEY MADE CARDS
TO COUNTER THIS.
[WHIMPERS]